doc: hardware: porting: clarify board porting recommendations (#99759)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/hardware/porting/board_porting.rst

For consistency and to make it easier for users to build generic applications

> that are not board specific for your board, please follow these guidelines

Reviewer: While we're at, I think this first part deserve a rewording as well:
```suggestion
For consistency and to make it easier for users to build applications which
remain board agnostic, please follow these guidelines
```

when porting a board you intend to contribute to Zephyr:

> 

Reviewer: As a reader, I wouldn't mind such redundancy and in general I like to be recalled the important stuff.
I won't for this though, but then let's make `Kconfig` explicit in the `subsystems` part.
